[OSDOCS#17175]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-2 (#114273)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/compliance-tailored-profiles.adoc

[id="compliance-tailored-profiles_{context}"]
= Using tailored profiles to extend existing ProfileBundles

[role="_abstract"]

> While the `TailoredProfile` CR enables the most common tailoring operations, the XCCDF (Extensible Configuration Checklist Description Format) standard allows even more flexibility in tailoring OpenSCAP profiles. In addition, if your organization has been using OpenScap previously, you might have an existing XCCDF tailoring file and can reuse it.

Reviewer: Long

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Although the `TailoredProfile` CR enables the most common tailoring operations, you can use the XCCDF (Extensible Configuration Checklist Description Format) standard for even more flexibility in tailoring OpenSCAP profiles. 

In addition, if your organization has been using OpenScap previously, you might have an existing XCCDF tailoring file and can reuse it.
```
